Parsing source/allocator.c
aws_mem_acquire
aws_mem_acquire_many
aws_mem_calloc
aws_mem_realloc

Parsing source/allocator_sba.c
aws_small_block_allocator_bytes_active
aws_small_block_allocator_bytes_reserved
aws_small_block_allocator_new

Parsing source/bus.c
s_bus_destroy_listener_list

Parsing source/byte_buf.c
aws_array_eq_c_str
aws_array_eq_c_str_ignore_case
aws_array_eq_ignore_case
aws_byte_buf_advance
aws_byte_buf_append_with_lookup
aws_byte_buf_cat
aws_byte_buf_init
aws_byte_buf_init_cache_and_update_cursors
aws_byte_buf_init_copy
aws_byte_buf_init_copy_from_cursor
aws_byte_buf_reserve
aws_byte_buf_reserve_relative
aws_byte_cursor_compare_lookup
aws_byte_cursor_find_exact
aws_byte_cursor_left_trim_pred
aws_byte_cursor_next_split
aws_byte_cursor_right_trim_pred
aws_byte_cursor_split_on_char_n
aws_hash_array_ignore_case

Parsing source/cache.c

Parsing source/codegen.c
aws_array_list_clean_up
aws_array_list_clean_up_secure
aws_array_list_init_dynamic
aws_is_mem_zeroed
aws_linked_list_is_valid_deep
aws_linked_list_node_reset
aws_text_detect_encoding

Parsing source/command_line_parser.c
aws_cli_dispatch_on_subcommand

Parsing source/common.c

Parsing source/condition_variable.c
aws_condition_variable_wait_for_pred
aws_condition_variable_wait_pred

Parsing source/date_time.c
aws_date_time_init_from_str
aws_date_time_init_from_str_cursor
s_get_time_struct

Parsing source/device_random.c

Parsing source/encoding.c
aws_base64_decode
aws_base64_encode
aws_hex_decode
aws_hex_encode
aws_hex_encode_append_dynamic

Parsing source/error.c

Parsing source/fifo_cache.c

Parsing source/file.c
aws_byte_buf_init_from_file
aws_directory_entry_iterator_destroy

Parsing source/hash_table.c
aws_hash_byte_cursor_ptr
aws_hash_callback_c_str_eq
aws_hash_callback_string_eq
aws_hash_iter_begin
aws_hash_string
aws_hash_table_clear
aws_hash_table_eq
aws_hash_table_find
aws_hash_table_foreach
aws_hash_table_init
aws_hash_table_move
aws_hash_table_remove
aws_hash_table_remove_element

Parsing source/json.c

Parsing source/lifo_cache.c

Parsing source/linked_hash_table.c
aws_linked_hash_table_clean_up

Parsing source/log_channel.c

Parsing source/log_formatter.c

Parsing source/log_writer.c

Parsing source/logging.c
aws_log_level_to_string
aws_string_to_log_level
aws_thread_id_t_to_string

Parsing source/lru_cache.c

Parsing source/math.c
aws_add_size_checked_varargs

Parsing source/memtrace.c
aws_mem_tracer_dump
aws_mem_tracer_new

Parsing source/priority_queue.c
aws_priority_queue_backpointers_valid_deep
aws_priority_queue_init_dynamic
aws_priority_queue_init_static
aws_priority_queue_pop
aws_priority_queue_remove
aws_priority_queue_top

Parsing source/process_common.c
aws_run_command
aws_run_command_result_init

Parsing source/promise.c

Parsing source/ref_count.c

Parsing source/ring_buffer.c
aws_ring_buffer_acquire
aws_ring_buffer_clean_up
aws_ring_buffer_init
aws_ring_buffer_release

Parsing source/statistics.c

Parsing source/string.c
aws_secure_strlen
aws_string_new_from_array

Parsing source/task_scheduler.c
aws_task_init
aws_task_scheduler_clean_up
aws_task_scheduler_init
aws_task_scheduler_schedule_future

Parsing source/thread_scheduler.c
aws_thread_scheduler_cancel_task

Parsing source/thread_shared.c
aws_thread_join_all_managed

Parsing source/uuid.c
aws_uuid_init_from_str
aws_uuid_to_str

Parsing source/xml_parser.c
aws_xml_node_traverse
aws_xml_parser_parse
s_advance_to_closing_tag
s_node_next_sibling
